the psychiatric hospital than he
it was created in 1898 in
rock in the context of other
hospitals and other clinics that were
developed in the 19th century,
that people with suffering and disorders
and brings the mental disorders should
be cured and reintegrated into society
in this exhibition it presents a
set of 102 drawings that were
donated by Dr. Osório Sesa who were
a medical psychiatrist who worked in the
juquery hospital then it starts to
working at juquery hospital 25 more
only in the 1950s did he create this
space within the hospital to
develop techniques and languages
artistic of patients then the doctor
time he founded the school in 56 and also
invites artists who were already
artists renowned at the time as lasar
segall a maria leontina to teach in
school What is very interesting to see
artists who had already had a
supercommittees also engaged in this
type of practice in this type of teaching
the donation of the drawings that we have
today and we see today in this exhibition
he only entered 1974 but they arrived
and 74 here have never been shown that
set that we are presenting
now in 2015 or 40 years later is
in these fatalities was very
important of them now together and
to be able to look at the uniqueness of each